All right we are ready to add in posts.
So right now everything is working as expected.
We've got all four each x methods hooked up and ready to go in our test drop location.
So now let's update this and add in the ability to select different methods.
So we want to keep the ability to do that to select the resource but we also want the user to be able
to select a method.
So we give it an ID and we'll call it method.
And then here let's add in some options.
So first option value is going to be get and we're going to make this one selected and then the next
option value we've got.
Post of course and this way we give the user the option to select GET or POST.
And typically with post we want to send some data over as well.
So let's take care of that.
So we need some additional fields here.
So input type text and maybe this can be first or something like that will just give it a name for a
first name or whatever we want to call it.
And next let's add an input type text.
And this one is going to be let's give it a number.
And of course we know that with inputs they're strings anyway.
We don't need to have a submit button because we're just going to be grabbing all of the form data.
So it actually doesn't matter how many fields you have here how many input fields we're going to serialize
them and send them over make use of them within our posts also.
So we've got our button there and we need to make some updates to this meek request function as well
because now we've got some more parameters there to look at.
So we just added in two more parameters.
So let's grab our method so documents and query selector and this time let's make sure we hash it because
we give it an ID
value.
And also we've got some form data.
So we're going to do form and we're going to use the javascript form data object so form data and we
also need to specify where we're getting this data from.
So the element that we're picking that up from.
So let's do that as well.
So I just I gave it a quick name there let's do a document query selector and we only have the one form
we could actually give it an ID maybe to be more specific
and update that over here as well.
So life form sort of grabbing that entire object and we're using the javascript form data to format
that within a data format that we can send over.
So next what we want to do so we've got all of this working
and we can send over the URL and we've got some more parameters to send over as well.
So we also have our method and we also have our form information and all three of these parameters we're
sending over and each one of the cases
and the Dow now down within these functions.
This is where we got to make use of them.
So we've got to update some of our codes so let's take it one by one.
So the first one that we're updating Let's update our javascript first
so we've got fetch a X-ers G query and this is the one that we want to update
so within that javascript just plain javascript object we need to check to see if it's a post or if
it's a get.
And the only difference here is going to be the way that we send this method.
So let's check to see if method is equal to get.
And if it is equal to get then we can just do the one that we used already.
And we can also let's also keep send in there as well.
It doesn't actually matter if you were to to add the data to send the data in a GET request.
It doesn't actually matter.
But for this case we're just separate them.
And in this case
that means that it's a post and for a post we're going to format it as post and then we've got our form
information that we're going to send with in there.
So that's the only difference.
So that's it.
And we can also check to see status.
So let's break this up because the status when we post is going to be two old Once it's not going to
be 200.
So let's break this one up as well.
So we know that if it's ready state for that we can do our check and let's add an else if and we're
going at this time we'll check to see if the ex-teachers status is to a one and if it is then we can
say I did and everything else can stay the same.
And then lastly let's do one more else.
And over here is if we have an error.
So this is if we made the connection but we didn't have a status of 200 and we didn't have a status
of two or one that we know that we threw an error.
So this is going to be basically our fail or we can just call it javascript error.
So let's clean up the code and go out to the browser and let's try this out.
So we've got one problem there already.
So we've got too many brackets here.
And let's try that again.
As a matter of too many of the brackets
so it's do javascript post.
So there we go.
So we posted and this time I notice that it says create it.
So if I switch that back to get we don't have to create it.
So it is taking it as a post.
And when I do post we can see that we've got javascript added.
We've got the tool one we've got created.
So all of that is being sent through properly.
So the other thing that we can do as well is we can hook up the other libraries and fetch in order to
do posts as well.
So that's coming up in the next lesson.
So for now we've got quite a few updates that we've made to our input form as well as we've updated
that javascript
in order to respond to the get and posts.
So go ahead and make those updates as well.
And coming up I going to show even more cool things that you can do.
And we're going to update the posts in the other methods as well.
We're going to update the posts in the other Ajax formats as well.
So it's coming up.